
About the job

Dice is the leading career destination for tech experts at every stage of their careers. Our client, Jobot, is seeking the following. Apply via Dice today!

High Growth Opportunity / Excellent Benefits!

This Jobot Job is hosted by: Lindsay Fitzpatrick

Are you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button and sending us your resume.

Salary: $95,000 - $150,000 per year

A bit about us:

Our client, a global firm, is seeking a Data Engineer to join its growing team - hybrid/onsite!

Why join us?

Responsibilities:

     Develop, construct, test, and maintain architectures such as databases and large-scale processing systems.
     Collaborate with data architects, data scientists, and business stakeholders to identify and execute on opportunities for data acquisition and new uses for existing data.
     Develop set processes for data mining, data modeling, and data production.
     Employ a variety of languages and tools to marry systems together.
     Recommend ways to improve data reliability, efficiency, and quality.
     Use Python to perform ETL (Extract, Transform, Load) processes and data manipulation.
     Implement data tools for analytics and data scientist team members to assist them in building and optimizing our product into an innovative industry leader.
     Work on data-oriented projects and ensure optimal data delivery architecture is consistent throughout ongoing projects.
     Keep data secure by implementing and maintaining appropriate security measures.

Job Details

Qualifications:

     Minimum 2 years of experience in a Data Engineer role, with a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Informatics, Information Systems, or another quantitative field preferred.
     Minimum 2 years of experience implementing modern designs using at least one cloud based platform.
     Advanced working knowledge and experience with Python and other scripting languages.
     Experience with relational SQL and NoSQL databases.
     Experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.
     Strong analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
     Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.
     Strong communication skills, with the ability to present complex data in a clear and concise manner.
     Strong understanding of the finance and accounting industry is a plus.
     A successful history of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large disconnected datasets.
     Willingness to continually learn and develop new skills in line with the role.

Apply today!

Interested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply Now" button.
