
About the job

We are looking for a Data Engineer to join one of the 100 Best Companies to Work For, with offices in the Chicagoland area and remote flexibility, on a full-time basis. This leading supplier of maintenance, repair, and operating products for businesses and a wide range of industries across the globe has a focus on sustainability, social responsibility, and community engagement, serving more than 4.5 million customers worldwide.

As a Data Engineer, you will play a critical role in identifying, acquiring, and assembling the datasets needed for analytics professionals across functions to generate business insights and take fact-based actions. You will work independently to furnish an advantaged data warehouse, enabling team members to effectively execute their responsibilities for the betterment of the company and our customers.

We encourage you to apply for this exciting opportunity and be part of a company that values sustainability, social responsibility, community engagement, innovation, and growth. Required Skills & Experience

    Identify and prioritize data acquisition targets in partnership with analytics teams across the organization. 
    Assemble large, complex sets of data that meet non-functional and functional requirements. 
    Create repeatable data transformations and aggregations adhering to quality standards that make the resulting "single source of truth" datasets easy for analysts to find, understand, and utilize. 
    Modify and enhance previously developed datasets in partnership with other functional areas as business conditions and strategies evolve. 
    Support the proficient use of the cloud warehouse through clear onboarding procedures and governance protocols. 

Desired Skills & Experience

    Experience in SQL, Snowflake, Python, Docker, Airflow, CI/CD, DAGs, Dbt, Git / Bitbucket and data visualization software. 
    Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Computer Science, Data Science, Engineering, or related disciplines. 
    Hands-on experience with modern data engineering projects and practices 
    Experience leading data integration efforts of internal and external data sources 
    Experience partnering with internal departments to establish requirements 

The Offer

    Bonus eligible 

You Will Receive The Following Benefits

    Medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans 
    Paid time off (PTO) and 6 company holidays per year 
    Automatic 6% 401(k) company contribution each pay period 
    Employee discounts, parental leave, 3:1 match on donations and tuition reimbursement 
    A comprehensive set of emotional, financial, physical and social wellbeing programs 

Applicants must be currently authorized to work in the US on a full-time basis now and in the future.

Posted By: Esteban Medina

